# SFU Surge Logistics Meeting Minutes

Starting in March of 2023 we decided we will move our meeting notes to one rolling gdoc that will be updated at each call. This should avoid document sprawl and let folks have one consistent spot to look at/update our notes.

[2021 Best Practices WG Meeting Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sJhaZxG_9Wb2Sg6a4KxqnIvo_to5OkhMkbBk_7UqtEc/edit#)

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - July 13, 2023</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P2N2ZLft5tjkCm9LSlMkaAaNd7hKynmiUZBm6Fy0Mdg/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* September 'Build a website' event
* Pizza fund application
* Stomhacks 2024 ~ SFSS Exec proposal for overnight

## Action Items

* Pizza fund application finished by july 20th ~ matt
* Exec proposal rough draft ~ david
* Github meeting minutes ~ matt

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

TBD

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - July 27, 2023</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P2N2ZLft5tjkCm9LSlMkaAaNd7hKynmiUZBm6Fy0Mdg/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

## Action Items

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Sept 28, 2023</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FPw4mq_KQzn7T9-f9fx9NSRznz4B_4vzSYuVNqUt0o4/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* Introductions!
* Road to Stormhacks event types
* Logistics Team Event

## Action Items

* Workshop form ~ Kaia
* Contact SAP (chansey) about site visit ~ Monishka 
* Contact EA (noble tan) about site visit ~ Matthew
* Shared MLH account ~ Matthew
* Create new lettucemeet ~ Matthew

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

TBD

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Oct 6, 2023</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AxenAqPJ0TzsXoM4E-rH6AQuJWPlLPZ8wbtPap_4bUk/edit?usp=sharing>
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nvaPB5dThhbfnmShiuwHkN9vecoM9PWC1eQZdD85diI/edit?usp=sharing
## Overview

* Introductions!
* October Road to Stormhacks event
* Sponsor package
* Logistics Team Event

## Action Items

* SFSS Presentation - Maria Z + Daniel
* Plan Team social - Supreet
* Review sponsorship package and take note of any changes by EOD Wednesday
* LettuceMeet to plan Github Workshop date - Matthew

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

* Contact SAP (chansey) about site visit ~ Monishka
  * Need email from Triane
* Contact EA (noble tan) about site visit ~ Matthew
  * Need email from Danny/Chris

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Oct 6, 2023</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nvaPB5dThhbfnmShiuwHkN9vecoM9PWC1eQZdD85diI/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

## Action Items

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>
